hey what's going on guys it's bye from
biogenesis way and I've unboxing the
dell XPS 15 so I've been having a lot of
problems or computers lately and I'm
gonna have this embossing then tomorrow
have a sony vaio i'm itchin and then
Anthony auto a cheap one will be my
video tomorrow to help me we're going to
do this unboxing the Sonia boxing and I
comparison to help me choose which one
I'm gonna get so this baby right here is
I 7 a-4 gigabyte ram 500 gigabytes of
hard drive and yeah let's get back into
the box alright when you first get in
the box without your standard AC chitin
AC charger cable click want that all
comfort here's the other end in this
kind of blocks and if you guys want salt
like in New York like I'm perspective on
this computer so you basically get your
your drivers and it Saudi society and
stored then you got your manuals and
blah blah blah runner so let's keep
going yeah that's stuff
this has JBL 2.1 speaker so it has a sub
woofer which is pretty neat and yeah
look at that that's pretty sweet so on
the right side this is not a blu-ray
disc drive you got to a charms
headphones jack so microphone jack then
hey II seta on here you have hdmi import
cable another thing your charger or USB
and on the left you have another USB so
how about we just get to started up to
see pretty nice this is JBL speakers
this is the i seven actually so let's
see if it's yeah it started about what
see how fast the lows on these this is
pretty nice JBL speakers um because I
might actually end up keeping volpe as
my mom wants a new computer and my
brother has a studio one which is very
slow so I might keep the dell because it
has a lot better specs but we'll see
and there we go now setting up well
that's basically the unbox on the dell
XPS 15 leave promising how yours is um
anything i just wanted much feedback
what is better Adele or Sony either live
on dome basically my whole life but i'll
get back to you guys tomorrow with toys
she won on my sony value unboxing by